## EyeX for Node

This is a node (Windows-only) node module that can listen in for eye tracking events
generated by the EyeX libraries installed on a Windows device.

### Installation and Usage

`npm install https://github.com/coughdrop/eyex.git`

```
var eyex = require('eyex');

eyex.setup();

setInterval(function() {
  var data = eyex.poll();
  console.log(data.gaze_x + ", " + data.gaze_y);
}, 50);
```

### Technical Notes
We use this library as part of our Electron app for CoughDrop. In order for it to work,
we place the correct (x86 or x64) `Tobii.EyeX.Client.dll` file in the root folder of our
app. For compiling, you can add the necessary resources from the `lib` and `include` folders
in the C++ SDK as well. You should find the EyeX SDKs at [http://developer.tobii.com/] but
make sure to consider the licensing options they offer before adopting the library. There are
some older versions of their libraries available with less restrictive licenses.

Also, I was having serious trouble getting the eyex.node file in the build/Release folder to work
correctly with Electron, so it's currently ignoring that file and instead using the one in the root
folder. I hope to fix this and stop embarrassing myself someday, but boy am I not
a low-lever programmer.

This library listens on both gaze and linger events, as defined in the EyeX SDK. I wasn't able
to figure out a clean way to register a listener, so instead the javascript is responsible
for polling the library for any updated events by calling `var res = eyex.ping()`. The 
library will always return the latest
result for each of the event types.

When this library is installed, it should automatically be used by 
[gazelinger.js](https://github.com/CoughDrop/gazelinger) if also installed.

### License

MIT
